And we want to get to some questions from online…
Yes, you can respond to that.
Mr. Trump, Mr. Trump — I want to get to audience questions and online questions.
You’re going to have — you’re going to get to respond right now.
This tape is generating intense interest. In just 48 hours, it’s become the single most talked about story of the entire 2016 election on Facebook, with millions and millions of people discussing it on the social network. As we said a moment ago, we do want to bring in questions from voters around country via social media, and our first stays on this topic. Jeff from Ohio asks on Facebook, “Trump says the campaign has changed him. When did that happen?” So, Mr. Trump, let me add to that. When you walked off that bus at age 59, were you a different man or did that behavior continue until just recently? And you have two minutes for this.
Can we please hold the applause? Secretary Clinton, you have two minutes.
Secretary Clinton, I want to follow up on that.
I’m going to let you talk about e-mails.
And really, the audience needs to calm down here.
Secretary Clinton…
And, Secretary Clinton, I do want to follow up on e- mails. You’ve said your handing of your e-mails was a mistake. You disagreed with FBI Director James Comey, calling your handling of classified information, quote, “extremely careless.” The FBI said that there were 110 classified e-mails that were exchanged, eight of which were top secret, and that it was possible hostile actors did gain access to those e-mails. You don’t call that extremely careless? CLINTON: Well, Martha, first, let me say — and I’ve said before, but I’ll repeat it, because I want everyone to hear it — that was a mistake, and I take responsibility for using a personal e-mail account. Obviously, if I were to do it over again, I would not. I’m not making any excuses. It was a mistake. And I am very sorry about that.
OK, we’re going to move on.
We want to give the audience a chance.
We now go to Gorbah Hamed with a question for both candidates.
Mr. Trump, you’re first.
Secretary Clinton? CLINTON: Well, thank you for asking your question. And I’ve heard this question from a lot of Muslim-Americans across our country, because, unfortunately, there’s been a lot of very divisive, dark things said about Muslims. And even someone like Captain Khan, the young man who sacrificed himself defending our country in the United States Army, has been subject to attack by Donald.
Thank you, Secretary Clinton.
And why did it morph into that? No, did you — no, answer the question. Do you still believe… TRUMP: Why don’t you interrupt her? You interrupt me all the time.
I do.
Would you please explain whether or not the Muslim ban still stands?
And, Secretary Clinton, let me ask you about that, because you have asked for an increase from 10,000 to 65,000 Syrian refugees. We know you want tougher vetting. That’s not a perfect system. So why take the risk of having those refugees come into the country?
There’s been lots of fact-checking on that. I’d like to move on to an online question…
She did not.
Very quickly, please.
Thank you, Mr. Trump. I want to move on. This next question from the public through the Bipartisan Open Debate Coalition’s online forum, where Americans submitted questions that generated millions of votes. This question involves WikiLeaks release of purported excerpts of Secretary Clinton’s paid speeches, which she has refused to release, and one line in particular, in which you, Secretary Clinton, purportedly say you need both a public and private position on certain issues. So, Tu (ph), from Virginia asks, is it OK for politicians to be two-faced? Is it acceptable for a politician to have a private stance on issues? Secretary Clinton, your two minutes.
We’re going to get to that later. Secretary Clinton, you’re out of time.
Mr. Trump?
Thank you, Mr. Trump.
We’re going to move on to Syria. Both of you have mentioned that.
No, we can — no, Mr. Trump, we’re going to go on. This is about the audience.
Mr. Trump, we’re going to move on. The heart-breaking video of a 5-year-old Syrian boy named Omran sitting in an ambulance after being pulled from the rubble after an air strike in Aleppo focused the world’s attention on the horrors of the war in Syria, with 136 million views on Facebook alone.
Thank you, Secretary Clinton. Mr. Trump?
Mr. Trump, Mr. Trump, your two minutes is up.
Your two minutes is up.
Mr. Trump, let me repeat the question. If you were president…
You disagree with your running mate?
What do you think will happen if Aleppo falls?
What do you think will happen if it falls?
It might be to help get civilians out.
Tell me what your strategy is.
I’m going to go to Secretary Clinton. Secretary Clinton, you want Assad to go. You advocated arming rebels, but it looks like that may be too late for Aleppo. You talk about diplomatic efforts. Those have failed. Cease-fires have failed. Would you introduce the threat of U.S. military force beyond a no-fly zone against the Assad regime to back up diplomacy?
But what would you do differently than President Obama is doing?
Thank you very much. We’re going to move on…
You had many answers.
Secretary Clinton, we have to…
Secretary Clinton, we’re moving.
Secretary Clinton, we are moving to an audience question. We’re almost out of time. We have another… TRUMP: We have the slowest growth since 1929.
We’re moving to an audience question.
Mr. Trump, Secretary Clinton, we want to get to the audience. Thank you very much both of you.
We begin with your two minutes, Secretary Clinton.
Thank you, Secretary Clinton. Thank you. You’re out of time. Mr. Trump?
Thank you very much. We’re going to get on to one more question.
We have — we have one more question, Mrs. Clinton.
We have…
We’ve sneaked in one more question, and it comes from Karl Becker.
Mr. Trump, would you like to go first?
Mr. Trump?
Thanks to both of you.
